five of the most brutal Tech pranks ever
first up are the airpod stickers they're
the exact same size as real airpods
which means stick these down wherever
you expect a lot of people and then
watch in amazement as Strangers think
they've naved themselves a free airpod
stepping it up further the keyboard
typer BR plug the small USB into the
back of someone's computer and then
watch them rage as it inserts random
characters every few seconds into
whatever they're typing smart plugs can
get even more chaotic at a friend's
house pull out the plug for their home
entertainment system place your smart
plug in between next time they halfway
through their favorite film you're the
one who can turn it off if you prefer to
terrify your friends then you can't
really go wrong with the remote control
crocodile head next time they swimming
in a pool or a lake slip the crocodile
in and sneak up on
them but by far the most brutal is the
fake phone smatch ask to borrow a
friend's phone to make a phone call when
your friend's not looking quickly swap
that phone for an old or a broken one
then watch their horror as your call
turns bad you start raging and you smash
the phone on the floor subscribe if you
also want to have no friends